An alternative explanation of cardinality (#3883)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/sdk.md

**Status**: [Experimental](../document-status.md)

SDKs SHOULD support configurable cardinality limits. The number of

> unique attribute sets passed by a user is called cardinality. For a given

Reviewer: "passed by a user" seems to imply before any metric attribute filters are applied? (e.g. https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/api.md#instrument-advisory-parameter-attributes)

Reviewer 2: I think that reopening and solving https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/3803 could be helpful.

**Status**: [Experimental](../document-status.md)

> SDKs SHOULD support being configured with a cardinality limit. The number of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
SDKs SHOULD support configurable cardinality limits. The number of
```

> unique attributes sets passed by a user is called cardinality. For a given

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
unique attribute sets passed by a user is called cardinality. For a given
```

Reviewer 3: I would phrase it as "number of distinct permutations of attributes"

Reviewer 5: @yurishkuro that would mean `a->a, b->b, c->c` and `c->c, a->a, b->b` would be distinct given a permutation implies order.

Reviewer 3: I was thinking of order of attribute names as fixed, but fair enough
